README.md, before:

# Cast Viewer - Digital Signage for the Raspberry Pi

The tl;dr for installing Cast Viewer on [Raspbian](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/) [Jessie Lite](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspbian_lite_latest) is:

```
$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enflow-nl/cast-viewer/master/bin/install.sh
$ sudo bash install.sh
```

(The installation will take 15-25 minutes or so depending on your connectivity and the speed of your SD card.)

This code is mostly based on the source provided by the lovely people at Screenly. Please visit the official website at [Screenly.io](http://www.screenly.io). Original source can be found at https://github.com/wireload/screenly-ose

## Significant changes
- Removed all web based code
- Removed the `image` asset
- Renamed `assets` to `slides`
- Added templates for setup etc.

## Development
Enable debug mode when developing to receive all logging output to stdout: `touch /boot/debug`

### Template editing
Templates are generated with [Harp](http://harpjs.com/). This enabled template inherence and out of the box static asset generation.
Recompile the templates by running in the project directory:
```bash
harp compile
```

Commit message:

Add (optional) rollbar integration to track errors + fix video error

README.md, after:

# Cast Viewer - Digital Signage for the Raspberry Pi

The tl;dr for installing Cast Viewer on [Raspbian](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/) [Jessie Lite](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspbian_lite_latest) is:

```
$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enflow-nl/cast-viewer/master/bin/install.sh
$ sudo bash install.sh
```

(The installation will take 15-25 minutes or so depending on your connectivity and the speed of your SD card.)

This code is mostly based on the source provided by the lovely people at Screenly. Please visit the official website at [Screenly.io](http://www.screenly.io). Original source can be found at https://github.com/wireload/screenly-ose

## Significant changes
- Removed all web based code
- Removed the `image` asset
- Renamed `assets` to `slides`
- Added templates for setup etc.

## Development
Enable debug mode when developing to receive all logging output to stdout: `touch /boot/debug`

## Rollbar
To enable the optional rollbar error reporting integration, create a file at `/boot/rollbar` which should contain the `post_server_item` project access token to enable error reporting.  

### Template editing
Templates are generated with [Harp](http://harpjs.com/). This enabled template inherence and out of the box static asset generation.
Recompile the templates by running in the project directory:
```bash
harp compile
```
